[AUDIO LOGO]
[OMINOUS TONE]
>> We can't find
happiness through others.
We must find happiness
through ourselves.
Happiness begins at our core.
We find happiness through
our relationship with God.
[CRACKLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm Rachel Corpus, and I
live in West Des Moines, Iowa,
with my husband
and three children.
I'm a full-time psychic
medium and angel communicator.
I see people every
day of the week,
and I help them live
their best lives
and connect to their
spiritual family
on the other side and
their non-human helpers
that we call angels.
When I went to
elementary school,
I realized that the
other kids couldn't
see spirit the same
way, and I felt strange.
So I started to tell
spirit to go away.
And that was very hard because
they were my best friends.
We lived in a very old house.
My parents bought an old
live theater and opera house,
and when I was in junior high,
we lived in the apartment above.
And so you can
imagine I was always
playing with people who lived in
the theater and sang and danced.
And I really loved
my upbringing.
And yet, going to public
school could be very hard.
One really wants to fit in.
So my childhood was
this dance between being
a psychic and being one who
was trying to be normal.
And so over the course
of my childhood,
I tried very much to fit in, and
that meant I forgot who I was.
Tragedy happened, as it
happens to all of us.
And as those hard
things happened,
it cracked me open
and I realized--
I remembered, oh,
I have these gifts.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'm really blessed to have Ed
at my side in this lifetime
because as I've grown, he has
been so supportive, especially
when it's been really strange.
He's not once said, I can't do
that or, I can't support that.
I am in touch with the ethereal,
angelic world all the time,
every day.
So I can't tell
you how grateful I
am to have these beautiful
children in my life
who ground me like that.
I love being a mom because
I get so much from them.
They teach me so much and
they keep me on this Earth.
They keep me grounded.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I actually did a reading
for Suzanne a few years ago.
We met that way, and she
offered me a hypnosis session.
So this will be my second
time sitting with Suzanne.
I'm very eager to go back in.
I have a couple of intentions
for this meeting with Suzanne,
although I'm keeping
it as open as I can.
I had some angels
come visit me, so I
want to know more about that.
I also am feeling a
bit unbalanced as far
as how much I give
to others, and I
need a little bit of
guidance from spirit
as far as how to receive back.
And then, really, I'm just
staying open to whatever
spirit knows I need to receive.
That might be beyond
my understanding.
[WIND WHOOSHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I am Suzanne Spooner.
I live in Des Moines, Iowa,
and I am a QHHT Level 3
practitioner.
I've been doing this work now
for a little over 10 years.
And I like to say that I have
the best job in the universe
because I get to
help people explore
their human
consciousness, and I get
to help people solve their
issues, their problems,
answer questions that
they've had their whole life,
heal their bodies.
I get to spend time with the
higher selves or subconscious
of the clients, which is just
the most amazing gift ever.
When people go into this deep
state of relaxation or hypnosis,
they are tapping into
their unlimited potential.
This means that they
can find the answers
to any question they have.
They can solve
their health issues.
They can get direction
to move forward
in their life in their
highest and best way.
And from that
higher perspective,
they get clarity and
understanding and healing.
And to me, that's one of
the best parts of the work
that I do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Back in 2012, I learned
about Dolores Cannon.
I loved the work
that she was doing
because she was showing people
that all answers are within.
And back then, my very
first thought was,
I want to have a session with
Dolores, just like everybody
did back then.
And so I called the office.
I got put on her list, which was
several years long at that time.
And then I discovered that
she was teaching this.
I went down and had
my class with Dolores,
and it just blew my mind.
And very shortly
after that, was given
the gift of being able to
assist Dolores personally
in her classes,
which allotted me
the opportunity to sit in
the back of the classroom
and continue learning from her.
I was able to ask her
a lot of questions
because I had a lot of questions
and she had a lot of answers.
Through all this time, I've held
my practice in Des Moines, Iowa.
I love being here.
We're in the heartland
of the United States.
Every time a client
walks in my door,
I'm not sure where they're
going to go in their session.
I'm not sure what their
concerns are that they
want to have healing for.
And at the end of the
session, it is always
unfolded beautifully,
perfectly for the client,
and their lives are changed.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Rachel is an amazing, intuitive
psychic, and she is local here.
And as I was having
my session with her,
we got to talking about my
work, and almost instantaneously
we both thought it'd be fun for
Rachel to have a QHHT session
and see what this is like.
So I have given her one
session, and it was amazing.
She's so special.
Every once in a
while, instead of
just doing one session on
a client, we'll do more.
And Rachel is one
that would like
to try a second
session to see what
else she can learn about
herself and her amazing journey.
It'll be fun to see
where she guides herself
for a new adventure.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CRACKLING]
Rachel, I am so happy
you decided to come
and have a second session.
How have you been
since I saw you last?
>> Oh, Suzanne, you've
changed my life.
In my first session with you,
I didn't know what to expect.
I came here because
I trusted you.
And now I'm back because I feel
like I'm more of a participant.
And I know the potential here.
So--
>> Yeah, it really is just--
it's an amazing journey through
our consciousness, right?
>> Yeah.
That there's more
than our bodies.
>> Oh, so much more.
So much more than
what we've been told.
And the beautiful part
about where you go in
that first session is your high
self subconscious-- whatever
name you want to give
to that part of you,
has already picked
where you need
to go to find out
something more and deeper
about yourself to
help you move forward
in this life in the
highest and greatest way.
But in the second session, we
have a little bit more room
to play.
Sometimes people in
our second session
want to specifically
go somewhere.
We can go straight
to the high self.
If you just want to
spend time there and get
as much information from
that part of you that
knows everything about you
and loves you unconditionally,
you just be open,
have no expectations.
Just know that that
great part of you
is going to guide you
to have exactly what you
need to have today.
>> So that's important.
No expectations.
>> No expectations at all.
As a reminder, the
things that you're
going to do to help
yourself-- just
let go and allow, and have
this amazing experience--
are very, very easy.
I want you just to picture
in your mind the things
that I'm describing to you.
When I ask a question, just
always trust and answer
with the very first
thought that comes to mind.
>> OK.
>> When I ask you to see things,
picture and imagine those images
in as much detail as you can.
The more you do that,
the easier it gets.
And then talk and talk a lot.
The more you talk, the
deeper, you will go.
And the more you describe
to me, the more material
I have to ask a better,
deeper question.
Any questions that you
have about those tips?
>> No, I'm OK.
>> OK.
Most importantly,
just keep saying
the first thing that comes
to mind is I ask a question.
>> Don't overthink it.
>> Don't overthink anything.
>> OK.
>> Is there anything in your
life that seems big or feels
like I should know about?
What are you thinking
would be best for you?
>> In our first session, I
was really surprised at how
expansive I was.
I wanted to think that I
was made of that much love,
but when I actually felt
it, I couldn't believe it.
>> Yes.
>> And I'd like to
feel that again.
In my life, I tried to
teach that to people,
and feeling it for myself
was very profound and moving.
I'd like to sit
with that some more.
>> And health-wise, do you feel
like there's much going on with
you right now?
>> Not a thing.
>> Do you feel like from that
first session we did a lot?
>> Completely healed.
>> 1,000%.
>> Wow.
OK.
All right.
So you say here I was
visited by some loving beings
that I call the wish makers.
Whoa!
>> So can I tell you about that?
>> Please do.
>> It's probably 2:00 in the
morning, and I'm wide awake.
I have this feeling,
three, I'm going to say,
beings we're walking
up behind me.
And I had this sense
that I don't want--
I wasn't scared, but I didn't
want to look behind me.
And it felt like a love that
I cannot explain in words.
They said hello to me.
They said they love me.
And they said, hey, we
can grant you a wish.
>> Oh, my gosh.
>> So then my wish was,
I want Ed to be happy.
I didn't make a wish for myself.
So I want to know who they
were because since then,
the human in me is
like, can you come back.
I want to change my wish.
[LAUGHS]
>> But I was thinking, when he
gets happier, I'll be happier.
That was my--
[LAUGHS]
>> That's very sweet.
OK.
That's a really good
question to ask.
And what an amazing experience!
>> It was amazing.
>> OK.
Then you say, other
than that, I'm open,
which is awesome
because that's how
we really get some other
interesting information, just
keeping open.
>> And last time, it felt like
I was totally making it up.
>> Yeah.
We're at this point where
in these deep experiences
of hypnosis, instead of
having an amnesia experience,
which is what we used to do, now
we're feeling somewhat aware.
You'll be able to recognize
when you're asking yourself,
what should I do?
Oh, that was a
left-brained answer,
and that's a
right-brained answer.
That one felt better and it
came really fast and clear.
So we're at this point
now where feeling aware
is just something
to be mindful of.
But again, the best way to
manage that side of the brain
is just keep saying the first
thing that comes to mind
is I ask you a
question, you'll just
fall into that nice, deep space.
And it's OK to be
aware of things.
It's a cool thing, actually.
>> OK.
>> All right.
I think we're ready.
[CRACKLING]
And describe for me what
you notice around you.
What do you see?
>> I'm sitting in my
rose quartz throne.
>> OK.
[LAUGHS]
Tell me all about your
rose quartz throne.
>> You know, they've built
this for me and I'm so kind,
but it is just hard
on my backside.
[LAUGHTER]
It's just too cold to the touch.
I have to really move around
on it to create warmth.
All I really want is a pillow.
It was interesting
that I was reminded
I don't have to be
uncomfortable in this space.
I can be cozy and comfortable.
My butt doesn't have
to be uncomfortable.
So that was good
learning for me.
>> What is the purpose of
the throne being rose quartz,
I wonder?
>> Well, this is
a kingdom of love.
>> Tell me all about
the kingdom of love.
>> This is a kingdom accessible
in the, let's say, ether.
>> OK.
>> And this is in the
quantum, a place where I work.
And this is where she brings
in love to the earth's space.
It's why she incarnated here.
You can ask her.
She knows.
>> OK.
And so that throne--
>> It's where the
energy source is.
>> OK.
And how does sitting on that
throne or being near it,
how does that
change or affect her
when she's in that experience?
>> It gives her
energy in her body.
It gives her energy
transmissions
she can give her clients.
And her clients, therefore,
are able to give transmissions
to their people.
>> What information specifically
is there for her to learn about
today?
>> She is one that has been
asked to personify God.
As people hear this,
we want them to open
their hearts and their ears.
Don't shut down.
We are all worthy of
being one with God.
We have shut down--
you have shut down
your worthiness.
You are made of God.
Just as a father loves the son,
a mother loves the daughter,
a parent loves the
child, God loves you.
You are worthy of that love.
>> These beings that are talking
to us are telling her that she
is worthy of this divine love.
And I think that is really an
important message for everybody.
And she just demonstrated
on such a high level
how she is to recognize it
and work within that confine.
This information that
you're giving her,
how does that help shift
or change things for her?
>> She just wants people to
know that they are loved.
She wants help expressing this.
She wants people--
she has asked us
to support her in sharing love.
She asks us daily, how do I help
people know that they are loved?
And so we are
answering her prayer.
>> Nice.
So give her all that
information that
will help her to understand.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And what's happening now
with the hands on her body?
>> We heard her say that she
does not want to talk about her.
She calls it career.
She often tries
to cocoon in what
she calls her cozy cottage when
she's meant to sit on a throne.
>> OK.
[LAUGHS]
>> And we ask her to answer
her phone and her emails,
and keep making connections
because she's meant to do great
things.
And she will say, I
am not an entertainer.
And she will need to
remember it's not about that.
It's about love.
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
>> Perfect.
And so the best way for her to
help herself on this journey
would be, what would you say?
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
>> Trust that this
is a partnership.
I know that everything
I am is from source,
and I'm proud of that.
So everything I do, I want
it to mirror back to source.
But then the stubborn
part of me also
can get in the way of how that
work is supposed to come out.
And I learned that today.
Be in the flow and be in
partnership with spirit.
I need to stay in
the place of joy.
This is part of the partnership.
She was misled in religion that
she is a puppet or a follower.
And we say, bunk!
And we're proud
that she is showing
people they are not sheep.
That is not love of source.
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
>> And what is love of source?
>> Freedom.
>> We have freedom within us
that we don't have to have
anybody give it to us.
We're sovereign.
We all have this complete
love and acceptance within us.
It's recognizing it and working
with it and knowing who we are.
And in her highest and
best way, how does she
help others to realize this?
>> By being themselves and
knowing that who they are is
never wrong.
She helps people
embrace "the weird."
She has shown them that
miracles are possible.
And they are
redefining miracles.
We are always empowered to be
free and authentic, and that,
because we are created by a
loving source, we are right.
We are right in who we are.
It felt so good to hear that.
We're supposed to go
our own way and be
colorful and wild and weird
and express ourselves.
And that is the right way to be.
And the only rule is love.
If we're doing something
in a loving way,
we're on the right course.
>> But what is important for her
to know about herself right now?
>> We wish her to know that,
though she has chosen to be
in a partnership with Edward,
we show her a vision of them
holding hands but
only at the pinkies.
And that they are
two separate beings.
And that as she grows
her magic, it is not
combined with his at all.
And that she is holding herself
back, combining with his growth
too much.
Edward is my favorite person
on this Earth and beyond.
And because of that,
sometimes we are like this.
And we were supposed to be like
this because there are times
that I'm feeling my
spirit stretch and grow,
and then I'll go like
this because his path is
going this way.
And I feel like, well, I need
to go this way to support.
And I know he
feels the same way.
I'm going this way,
and he'll say, well,
how do I need to support you?
So it's a miracle that
we are still like this.
And I think, well,
that's the way
we're going to stay together.
Is like, OK, you go
your way, I'll go mine.
And now, how are you
doing over there?
Good.
That's the way.
>> So how does she
balance that for her best?
>> Don't wait for him.
Stay together.
Love each other.
But remember, you're
on your own path.
No one is to wait
for another person.
We are here on
this journey alone.
It's not about loneliness.
It's about be free.
>> I think that's a really
big lesson for all of us.
We're not here to become one.
We're here to have each support
one another as we grow together.
That's a really wonderful way of
looking at it-- giving everybody
their own sovereignty.
If I can go back just a little
bit to that first session,
I'd like to just
scan the body and see
how everything is looking
within her physical body.
Do you see anything
standing out that you would
like to look at more deeply?
>> Her human mind
can be skeptical,
and she worried that she
would leave her children,
that she would have cancer,
and who would take care of her
children?
And there is enough worry
there that the breast cancer
came back.
So we have two, we'll
say, "jobs" today.
One is to remind her of
how powerful her mind is
because all dis-ease
comes from the mind.
And the second is to take
out the cancer again.
We wish to take it out now.
>> OK.
And explain to her
exactly how you do that.
She'll find that
very interesting.
>> Whether you are out of your
body because of death or if you
are incarnate, it
does not matter.
There is a place in
the quantum that you
can go for absolute
healing, and this place
is the highest
vibrational frequency.
We will call it quantum healing.
This is a platform
of crystal and light.
You stand on this
round platform.
It's in this big
Coliseum-looking place.
All of this crystal light
shines from below up above.
I don't know where it starts.
I don't know where it ends.
But one can stand
on it and be healed.
Rachel is on the
platform and the platform
is gently moving to the right.
And the light is coming
through the bottom of her.
She's in human form right now.
It's moving through her feet.
It would catch any
illness or disease,
and it would transmute it.
It would change it from whatever
color that disease would
be and move it into God light.
>> Nice.
>> So we move up into right
below the breast area,
right where the cancer is.
And it is a certain color.
It's a brownish color.
And it changes it.
It looks like glitter.
>> OK.
>> This was on our usual
rainbow spectrum and it was
in the brownish color.
So they took that out
for me, which was nice.
>> OK.
That's great.
We're grateful for that.
>> Yes.
>> Anywhere else in the body
requesting healing or repair
where we're focused on it.
>> No.
No need.
>> OK.
Would it be OK if I went to
her list of questions now?
>> Absolutely.
>> OK.
She says that she was
visited by some loving beings
that she calls the
wish makers, and she
wants to try and talk to them
and know more about that visit.
What's important for her to
know about those wish makers?
>> We are free-willed beings.
We're from a different
planetary system.
We are humanoid.
We are helping with the
New Earth transition.
We're really not supposed
to interfere in any way.
We have permission to
communicate sometimes,
and we didn't break the rules.
It's not that.
It just wasn't really time
for us to talk to you,
but you look so sweet
wrapped up in your blanket.
And we love you so much.
We didn't think there
was any harm in it.
>> Well, she said that she
felt that love from you,
and she deeply appreciated
that experience.
From your perspective,
what is New Earth like?
>> It is the purest
form of love.
Love that doesn't expect back.
That's New Earth love.
And self-love is key.
They're saying,
we're coming over
here to escort many people
to New Earth when it's time.
And in order to be
ready for that place,
self-love, loving other people
being in that frequency of love
is very, very important.
>> And the title "wish makers,"
did you give her that or did
she--
>> Rachel.
>> Rachel made that.
So the notion that she could
have a wish, from your point
of view, what was that like?
>> We were giving her a sample
of what New Earth is like,
that when one wants
something, it's instant.
We wanted her to feel that.
We wanted her to have something.
She gave it away,
and we can't do that.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well.
And she said in her wish
for her husband to be happy,
she felt that she would also
be happy because of him.
>> It doesn't work that way.
>> OK.
[LAUGHS]
So explain that to us, please.
So interesting.
>> We can't find
happiness through others.
We must find happiness
through ourselves.
Happiness begins at our core.
We find happiness through
our relationship with God.
Creator is made of love,
and we are made of creator.
It is not religious.
It is spiritual.
It's very personal.
That is the way to love.
>> So what else about that?
Could you share with her to help
her process that and understand
it even deeper?
>> We wish her to
keep her humble heart,
to live more into her
divinity, her sovereignty.
It will help her express
her divinity more
and amplify her abundance.
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
>> Is there anything that she
did not ask today that you wish
she would have?
>> We feel this is enough.
>> OK.
Every session ends up being
perfect for that person.
They're co-creating it even if
they're not aware that they are.
But at the end of
it, what I love
is that there's just this look
of, ah, oh, my gosh, I get it.
Now I understand it.
That creates a
sense of wholeness
that they didn't have
coming into the session.
Does it feel like
you've been laying there
a long time or a short time?
>> An hour.
>> A little bit more than that.
About an hour and 40.
We all hold all
knowledge within us.
We don't need to look
to the outside world
and we can fight ourselves and
go within and ask the questions
and trust the first
thing that comes to mind.
That's our guide.
And that's what we
should be relying on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[RHYTHMIC BEAT]
>> It's been two weeks since
my session with Suzanne.
I feel like so much information
was gifted to me that maybe I
know on some level,
but I really needed
to hear it through my own
voice, my higher self.
And the whole session allowed me
to feel so peaceful in my being,
knowing that I'm
complete and whole
and that I don't have to hold
myself back for anybody else.
It was great to hear how
solid my relationship is
with my husband and to know
that because of how strong he is
and how strong I am,
both of us can keep
growing in our
separate directions
and we're going to be just fine.
I want to thank you, Suzanne.
As I journeyed into my soul,
I know that moving forward,
I have so much to offer
my family, myself,
my clients, my husband.
And I am forever grateful.
[RHYTHMIC BEAT]